hello everyone this is quoted giving you
a shoutcast between Killian and me here
on incineration zone this is going to be
a terran vs protoss matchup here on
incineration zone I'm spawning on that I
guess that ten o'clock position over
here on incineration zone meanwhile my
opponent Killian spawning over here as
the Red Protoss player now I am still
learning how to play some play starcraft
2 I don't have as much experience a lot
of the people out there like how come
you don't play that mini games and I all
I can really respond is have you seen my
videos have you seen how much time it
takes to make videos so yeah over there
kill you and then at peculiar and pretty
as strong or knows this map fairly well
knowing that he has to go ahead and move
out and try to scout me out so he's now
moving out with this probe in order to
do some early scouting and I believe
that he knows that a Terran player
really likes to go Reapers on this map
so Reapers are a very very strong option
he sees that there's already an early
gas in in play and now trying to look
for this barracks will find this barrack
and quickly going after that sdv trying
to make sure that it gets taken down
however I bring in another SUV over to
go straight attack that probe as well
making sure that that barracks does not
get delayed so probe now being pulled
away or the probe is now being pulled
away and going to go ahead and head back
on out what I'm going to do is I want to
make sure that that probe didn't try to
drop any sort of pylon or do any sort of
tricks over here on the top right hand
side so i will be going to head and
scouting that position in just a little
bit down over here the barracks is
already up tech lab is already being
built in order to do some scouting
Killian and on the other hand however is
activating this del mago watchtower over
here to get good site on this map trying
to
sure that there's no units coming in
this way or perhaps around that back way
I really like the doodads on this map
though does the flame effects look
really good the lava fence look really
good back over here the Reapers or the
single Reaper now being trained up army
wise and income wise you can see that
his 15 harvesters are definitely
stronger than my 10 he's now getting a
pylon and getting the cybernetics core
getting some gas as well so the
cybernetics core he built it purposely
this is more of an anti Reaper build
building an anti Reaper build in order
to be able to produce those units fairly
quickly out comes a Reaper Reaper going
to go ahead and try to push on out at
this stage in the game perhaps to do a
little bit of harassment maybe if I can
get one or two kills off with this
Reaper I can win I can crab try to win
this game going after one of those
probes gate at least getting one probe
and now going after some of us I'm going
after that zealot zealot getting one hit
in trying to continue to get those hits
off trying to micro that Reaper around
the map and ice quickly see that he is
in fact getting a chrono boosting that
gateway so chrono boosting that gateway
I want to make sure that I do not lose
this Reaper as the Reapers was such an
expensive unit and with that gateway
nearly completed I knew that the stalker
the harassment was not going to work so
I quickly change up my strategy that
second Reaper was already built but not
marauders and will be researching the
concussive shells taking down those
destructible rocks as well I did a
little bit of an experiment and and you
guys out there are correct Reapers are
able to take down the disruptive all
walks faster but it's not by as much as
you may think it is I believe it was a
difference of about like seven seconds
in terms of how much damage and the
Reapers do the Marauders attack a little
bit more quickly then a thinner Bieber
doesn't because of that slight attack
difference the Marauders are able to
catch up in terms of damage so now two
Marauders or one Marauder already in
play and two Reapers and now getting a
second barracks up getting that second
Marauder moving over to take down these
destructible rocks on that back door
Killian sitting at 225 an army while I'm
sitting on a 300 he's chrono boosting
that nexus and also getting a Stargate
so Killian going to be using that
Phoenix harassment that we've seen
earlier with fresh I really like the
Phoenix the Stargate opening and I think
it's a really strong opening for Protoss
players as it really neutralizes those
those Marauders fairly easy to Marauders
to Weaver's pushing it on this backdoor
a third more water coming in as well to
barracks a second tech lab now being put
down orbital command now up and running
he'd sell however has more harvesters
than me so I'm going to have this army
of three Marauders and two Reapers push
on in into his base however the unit
combination is perhaps a little bit
better for me as he only has two
stalkers and one zealot rivers going to
come in get off a couple quick hits and
continue to fight trying to take
rotating take him down his Harvester
count already down to 22 valid century
am stalker is now trying to come in and
now in come these Ehlinger zealots are a
nice force field being used to try to
disrupt this whole entire attack now
trying to focus down these units a
little bit more at one single we were
going to get focused down but still two
Marauders against to two stalkers and he
doesn't have any harvesters at this
stage it does however have a Phoenix and
he's trying to use that Phoenix to the
best of his ability I'm gonna go ahead
and try trying to start focus firing the
unit will be able to take down one of
those suckers i started polling types
are pulling away with that other for
otter and i believe i start closing away
without the router no not my growing
that well they're pulling it away down
to 12 hit points and now able to take
down that century however income that
Phoenix and I was like oh happy haps
Phoenix's so there's not much I can do
in terms of damage this is or in earning
trip to save that Marauder but the
graviton beam does not last long enough
to kill a single and just kill a single
Reaper so stalkers now coming to just
trying to pick up losing it stalkers
however again focus down by these
Marauders 11 soccer daddy taking down
those two Phoenix's up in the air not
really able to do anything else going to
go ahead and move over continue to just
deal damage towards these units gazelle
it now trying to be warped in but as
it's being warped in it it can still
take down
45 units of time were able to just take
damage Julian and thinking of marauders
that does did it have any damage on it
and I think that was a mistake he really
should have been trying to focus now for
rotters that had some damage perhaps
this one or this one in order to get to
kill off a la marine coming in in order
to take down that one technologies my
luck I want to make sure that no
additional units are being produced and
now I was worried about a void ray to
avoid where it comes in others
engagement I am going to be in a lot of
trouble so I still take down this to ask
my mom that's powering the star game and
as soon as that avoid rain is taking
down I know that I know that as soon as
there's no void rays I can pretty much
use these Marauders and finish off the
rest of this RV a couple of these
keeping this is staying within the whole
entire flight army of 800 vs 300 and
income and harvesters and Killian says
gee gee thanks for watching thanks for
listening I hope you guys enjoyed this
one v1 replay here on incineration zone